
japanesegrove_A0=Park
japanesegrove_B0=Park
japanesegrove_C0=Park
japanesepeasanth_A0=Dorpeling Huis
japanesepeasanth_B0=Dorpeling Huis
japanesepeasanth_C0=Dorpeling Huis
japaneselmh_A0=Houthakker Huis
japanesepaddy_A0=Rijstplantage
japanesepalace_A0=Keizerlijk Kantoor
japaneseforge_A0=Smid
japanesefishery_A0=Vis Pond
japanesefishery_B0=Vis Pond
japanesefishery_C0=Vis Pond
japanesefishery_A1=Visserij
japanesefishery_B1=Visserij
japanesefishery_C1=Visserij
japanesesamuraih_A0=Bewakers Huis
japanesesamuraih_B0=Bewakers Huis
japanesequarry_A0=Steenmijn
japanesearchive_A0=Archieven
japanesearchive_B0=Archieven
japanesepagoda_A0=Pagode
japanesepagoda_B0=Pagode
japaneseshintoshrine_A0=Torii Poort
japanesefarm_A0=Graan Boederij
japanesefarm_B0=Graan Boederij
japanesefarmbig_A0=Boederij
japanesefarmbig_B0=Boederij
japanesecrafter_A0=Timmerman Huis
japanesecrafter_B0=Timmerman Huis
japanesefort_A0=Fort
japaneseplot1_A0=Klein Plot
japaneseplot2_A0=Tussen Plot
japaneseplot3_A0=Groot Plot
japanesehut_A0=Klein Hut
japanesehouse_A0=Tussen Huis
japaneselookout_A0=Uitkijk Toren
japaneselookout_B0=Uitkijk Toren
japanesezen_A0=Pond
japanesekitchen_A0=Keuken
japanesekitchen_B0=Keuken
japaneseplayerpalace_A0=Speler Paleis
japaneseinn_A0=Herberg
japanesemarket_A0=Markt

japaneseoutpost_A0=Japanse Uitkijkpst
japanesearmyforge_A0=Leger Smid
lonebuddha_A0=Beeld van Buddha
bandit_cave_A0=Bandiet Grot
kufun_tomb_A0=Kufun Tombe
woods_shrine_A0=Houten Heiligdom
lonemine_A0=Verlaten Japanse Mijn